README.md, before:

# Angular Weather App

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.2.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Update main branch (#2)
* Remove env directory from Git

* Added env files to gitignore and compressed assets

* Modularized the application and created resulable components

* More modularization and nre styles acording to mockups

* Updated README

* Added Raleway font family

README.md, after:

# Angular Weather App

(In progress) This is a weather app where the user can search for a city and see both the time and weather in real time. I am using plain Angular for this project, and I have created my own reusable web components for this application such as buttons and inputs. For this purpose I have created the components from scratch, without relying on UI libraries. I have also redesigned the original concept and created mockups for both desktop and mobile views, you can take a look [here](https://www.figma.com/file/IeZeXs6cI3u5Z07ThngwRm/Untitled?type=design&node-id=101-2&t=1G6GUb3HmheF7Qv0-0). All assets used in the application are also compressed to reduce bundle size .

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.2.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
